migrate card 019 (#452)
jtemporal/gitfichas: en/_posts/2021-10-06-019.md

---
layout: post
pretitle: What is a
title: remote
subtitle:
concept: true
parts:
  - part1: is a cloud repository\nfor example on Github or GitLab

>   - part2: every time you make a clone\na repository you have at least one\nremote - the origin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - part2: every time you clone a repository you have at\nleast one remote - the origin
```
to make this part the same as in the card image:
![Image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/0be21ec5-0e88-4605-a68b-880d1fa6d33f)
